{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3b14a830c49e003fca9203"},"uuid":"3ee3097d-e333-4e72-86e3-7b1cd4675deb","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"Secret Harbour Beach Resort is the best St Thomas destination for couples & families to relax and pl","summary":"this is a summary","text":"Secret Harbour Beach Resort is the best St Thomas destination for couples & families to relax and play on the beach. Boutique condominium resort in the US Virgin Islands features beachfront & hillside apartment-style accommodations plus 2 restaurants, watersport rentals, scuba diving, boating and more on one of the island’s most idyllic and tranquil swimming beaches. Swaying palm trees, sugary sand, hammocks and pristine Caribbean blue water are just steps from your room. Nestled around the beach is the core building w restaurants, lobby and watersports; four 3-story buildings literally on the beach w 48 beachfront units, and three 3-story buildings w 20 hillside units located above the resort’s freshwater pool. All units are privately owned & resort managed. Each is a spacious studio, 1- or 2-bedroom suite w fully equipped kitchen & private patio/balcony. Add’l amenities include daily housekeeping, free Wi-Fi, parking, tennis, fitness ctr, gift shop; ATM; wedding & concierge service\nThis has been our second time staying at Cruz Bay Boutique hotel and it was just as wonderful at the first time! David and Denise are amazing hosts/owners. From the time of making the reservation until our departure, David and Denise took care of everything we wished for. They were able to answer the questions we had prior to our visit, accommodationg our requests, greeted us every day with a smile and gave us recommendations and tips about things to see and do on the island. They made us feel welcome and home. The hotel is perfectly located near the ferry dock, taxi stand, Dolphine Market, car rental, restaurants, bars and shops. The taxi’s rides to the beaches are easy, quick, comfortable and fun.\nThe rooms are cozy with everything you need. Every day the room was cleaned very well and it always had a fresh, clean smell once we came back to the room. Air conditioning and shower work very well and the bed is very comfortable. It was nice to have a small fridge in the room as well as the bottles of water which were provided. Sunscreen, beach towels and beach chairs are provided for us. We were very grateful for the beach chairs and enjoyed them every day. The breakfast was fresh and tasty. Every night we enjoyed sitting on the patio which has comfortable chairs to enjoy the fresh breeze and view. Aubrey was very helpful as well and makes a great addition to the team. The customer service David, Denise and Aubrey provide is excellent. They go above and beyond, the extra mile and nothing is too much to asked. I have over ten years of experience in the hotel industry, David and Denise know how to manage a hotel very well and how to exceed the expectations of their guests. I am very glad to see the hotel survived the hurricanes a few years ago and how well the island is recovering. The community did a great job. The island is just a gorgeous and enjoyable as before the hurricanes.\nOverall pleased with this property. My room was clean and comfortable and the grounds were very pleasant. I enjoyed the pool area and the spa. The service at the Morning Star beach restaurant was beyond-island-time slow, but the staff at the rest of the property was kind for the most part. I was disappointed at check out time by the front desk staff. I inquired ahead of time about a courtesy room for showering and changing since I had a late afternoon flight and was assured that one would be available. When the time came, there were too many people in line for the courtesy room to accommodate everyone. After waiting for about 30 minutes and repeatedly checking with the front desk, I had to find an alternate solution. The front staff at this point was unconcerned about the guests waiting to shower/change in order to make flights. This was really disappointing as the expectation had been previously set that this would be a workable option. Outside of that, I was pleased with the guest rooms, food and common areas of the property.\nWe recently spent one night at Two Sandals as we arrived in St. Thomas late one afternoon and took an early ferry out of Red Hook the next morning. We paid for Two Sandals to pick us up at the airport which was convenient and competively priced. We had a room with 2 queen beds. It was roomy and clean and well-suited to our needs except there was no door into the toilet/shower area. While my wife and I have been together for a long time, it would still be nice to have the privacy afforded by a door to the toilet area. There was a nice outdoor restaurant overlooking a bay and beach area which we walked to for dinner. The next morning, for $5, Two Sandals gave us a ride to Red Hook to catch our early ferry. This was a nice service and, as we departed before breakfast was served, Two Sandals gave us some freshly made and delicious scones to take with us. I would not hesitate to recommend Two Sandals as long as they provide a room with a door to the toilet area.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-05T19:16:56Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3c901f2ab79c003cb03aa0"},"uuid":"cda9e4e3-b9fa-48f6-8706-5872a738c515","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"Really Cool Vibe here! Place is clean and staff is friendly. your smack in the middle of Tribeca her","summary":"this is a summary","text":"Really Cool Vibe here! Place is clean and staff is friendly. your smack in the middle of Tribeca here. Lots of common space to work. network or just meetup. There is a gastropub with some bangin whiskey sours. Roof Top has very good feel indoor and out.  DJ spins certain nights. Free wifi and good cell signal in the cafe.\nThe grounds at the Royal Kona Resort are just as pictured, the plants flowers , and grounds were absolutely breathtaking. The pool was beautiful, as well, because you could watch the ocean while swimming in the pool. The lagoon was beautiful as well. Our room overlooked the lagoon as well as being oceanfront. The dinning room and bar were exceptional. The food was great, and the whole open air effect was beautiful. The only negative thing I can say was the room was not pretty. In fact it was old, but the grounds and resort made up for this. What a great location. The location could not have been better.. We had a great time!\nStayed at the Courtyard by Marriott Kamehameha, we spent all day out sunning on the beach and the nights slaying beers. Note that HA does not have the best public transport, driving is certainly an adventure the roads can be quiet bad.\nOne of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed at! Inside you can see a photo of the building taken during the civil war showing a corner completely blown away by a bomb, possibly by the airplane that is now on display in a square after being shot down by the locals. Great staff, decent included breakfast, open access to the roof to overlook the streets and markets. Rooms were rather shabby but it is in Somaliland, a country not recognized by any other country, to the world it is still Somalia. Remarkably I have never felt safer or met friendlier people than I did here. The recent election was held during my stay, I stepped out of the hotel and people rushed up to me to assure me all the gunfire was not trouble, only celebrations! That being said no public transport can be trusted, you need a guided to take you out on the road.\"\nI stay here regularly for business and have for well over a year. The service level at this hotel is definitely highest quality and much better than you find today at the large hotel-chain properties, which I also stay in around the world. In addition to the basics of clean and comfortable, there are always attentive bell persons to assist, including Alex, who now retrieves my bag in storage before I even have a chance to ask! Sara and Carlos in the lounge handle the largest crowds with ease and always make the regulars feel at home. Rooms come with a fridge and free bottled water daily - virtually unheard of anymore. All within walking distance of the White House and Metro and at prices generally lower than others in the area. And then there is the beautiful pool in the summer time. I recommend it to everyone.\"\n\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T22:15:59Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca25a2ab79c003cb03aa3"},"uuid":"65a2b485-5bf0-4c79-bd02-8f0070dd3290","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A1E4A904M2LXXU\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth, St Thomas 00802, US Virgin Islands\n\nSecret Harbour Beach Resor","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A1E4A904M2LXXU\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth, St Thomas 00802, US Virgin Islands\n\nSecret Harbour Beach Resort\n\nI had a great experience at the resort. Initially we asked for a beach front view. The room we received had a beach front view but it was blocked by the trees. The staff understood our concerns and changed our room to an excellent beach view. The taxi driver they have on staff is excellent. The restaurant they have on site was great!! Happy hour specials with good food and drinks. The room was clean. The beach was nice and relaxing. I would definitely stay here again in the future.\n\nWe went there right after Christmas.We had an enjoyable time however there are somethings that need to be mentioned. We arrived at the front desk to check in and the staff seemed preoccupied although there was no one else there.This was the case any time we went to the front desk. We eventually were given a condo and left with the front desk saying to call if we needed anything. There was no phone in the condo to make a call. After several attempts by a very helpful employee named Sergio he found a phone but he could not make the phone function. We were concerned about the toilet water as it appeared as if someone had forgotten to flush the toilet. However that was not the case. The color of the toilet water remained the same during our stay. The condo had a kitchen that was minimally equipped. The unit needed a good cleaning as it appeared not to have had one in a long time. Everything was very dated and we would have expected more from the photos of the resort.This is not a 4 star resort by any measure\n\nWe came as a family. We had 3 different condos. I will say the grounds are beautiful and well cared for. I wish they would put some of that care into the condos. Each of the condos needed a deep cleaning. They use grey water in the toilets and it looks like someone before you has used it and not flushed. I cleaned the shower myself, since the housekeeper didn't. Each of the condos needs some major TLC. When they have food it is good and the service was excellent. The restaurant ran out of food one night, but rather than just closing they let people sit and wait at the tables. If it rains the outdoor staff just goes home, so no clean dry towels or beach service for the rest of the day.\n\nLove this beach! Been going there for more than 30 years. The coral in the center of the bay has pretty much died off due to sunscreen and climate change, along with runoff after big hurricanes, but the sides of the bay are still full of life. If you brave snorkeling around the point on the left side of the bay, you may see a nurse shark laying up in the rocks near the shore. No danger, but still fun to see.  Great place for a sunrise snorkel, too. Have seen turtles, eels, spiny lobsters to name a few creatures that normally hide when too many people get in the water. Nice bar & restaurant there, we had an enjoyable breakfast there one of our days.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:33:46Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2632ab79c003cb03aa4"},"uuid":"36419340-2aed-48b6-bd83-0d2a0b45617e","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A1G9TJQZZHQSU3\n\n674 Azadliq Square, Baku AZ-1010 Azerbaijan\n\nJW Marriott Absheron Baku\n\nThis place i","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A1G9TJQZZHQSU3\n\n674 Azadliq Square, Baku AZ-1010 Azerbaijan\n\nJW Marriott Absheron Baku\n\nThis place is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed. I was expecting that everything will be perfect, yet JW exceeded my expectations. Excellent service starts from greeting the guests. Staff is extremely kind and professional. They are hospitable in every single detail.   Those rooms are even better. Rooms are spacious and comfy. You'll have a quiet and cozy room to rest. In room furniture and devices are brand new. You'll always see a well cleaned room as you enter your room. Also, turndown service is a great touch.  Food in hotel is another thing. We tried so many dishes; all of them are delicate. Stuff is always ready and professional to serve you whether in room service or restaurants. They know what to do and perform their best while preparing dishes.  Hotel is located in the middle of the city; which is a great opportunity. You can see Caspian Sea, Formula 1 Start/Finish straight - Paddock, Flame Towers, TV Tower and all other beauties of Baku  All in all; we had a great stay in Baku. I'd newer think of any other hotel than JW Marriott Absheron.\n\nThis used to be an old Soviet high rise hotel which has been taken over and completely refurbished by Marriott group. If you don't have a major sporting event you can get a very good rate here just like you can at pretty much any good hotel in Baku. The hotel supply and the tourist demand have not intersected just yet.  Check in was smooth at 2:00 AM. Took a reserved car from the airport which cost about USD12 for a twenty five minute drive.  Room was spacious and overlooked the city. Was a little bit surprised by my room number (1313) but whatever.  Bed and pillows were comfortable. AC temps could only be adjusted by 2 degrees up or down. Don't ask why.   Bathroom consisted of a separate tub, walk in shower, and a separate toilet area with bidet.   Service was efficient. Room was made up ever day, room service was delivered within 25 minutes.  Several dining options on site including an Italian restaurant, a steakhouse, a buffet, and a lounge. Hotel is also adjacent to Buddha Bar a good hang out spot on weekends. Location of the hotel is central and a short walk everywhere except for the Old City. Hotel sits right across from the Caspian Sea Boulevard.  Overall a solid choice for Baku both in terms of value, service, and location.\n\nThe concierge was most helpful on my arrival, they are very helpful heck in was good.. My room was great affording a wonderful view of the sea.i stay there 2 nights  When I will went to use the pool the lady in the spa helped as I wasn’t sure where to go. Thank you! i went out to GYM .. AND GYM was so awesome and really nice staff there  The buffet breakfast in the lounge was too good . I had a very relaxing time. A luxury hotel that is well worth a visit. I would recommend it to every one who come baku first time. but the thing is if you need style living in baku then you must come in this hotel for stay , and if you save your money then there are lot of options in baku city.\n\nGreat hotel with all amenities and good location near the mall and promenade The breakfast was excellent with so many varieties and options  Thanks for Emirla and Vusal were so helpful as well as went out of the way to accommodate the requests  Gym , pool and sauna all are located within 21 , 22nd and 23rd floor which were good enough  The room view was excellent with sea view one one side as well as Flame towers. The tea lunge were on 2nd floor along with 2 restaurants  The service was exceptional and worth recommended for a stay  Will surely come back if again in Baku\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:33:55Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2692ab79c003cb03aa5"},"uuid":"b63f9f90-0952-4bbc-8708-86be420dfc90","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A1LJRHW7DSCHOW\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beac","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A1LJRHW7DSCHOW\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beach Resort\n\nMy wife and I celebrated our 20 year wedding anniversary at Secret Harbor, for a week. The room was well decorated, clean, kitchen stocked with cookware, and the view is unbeatable. Everyday swimming among the coral and sealife was excellent. The staff was very professional, friendly, and ALWAYS courteous. Truly hard to beat the service. The dive shop staff was very helpful and went out of their way to assist with any needs. The beach club bar staff, cooks and servers know how to provide a great experience. The resort staff kept the property well manicured, clean and ready for use by guests. We will definitely return to Secret Harbor. Next time, we will take our kids too, they need to experience this resort\n\nGlad we stayed here on our way to the National Park. Our room/mini apartment was spacious, clean, comfortable with a great view. The staff was most helpful and pleasant. Just a short cab drive away from Red Hook. We greatly enjoyed snorkeling, and lounging on the beach. The beach bar/restaurant was perfect for reflecting on the day and watching the sun set.\n\nThis is one of the few places where you can snorkel directly from the beach without fins. It is a protected harbor with relatively calm waters even when there is high surf elsewhere on the island. We saw lots of fish, turtles, and corals.  The staff were incredible. We did encounter some issues during our two week stay. However, the manager and his staff immediately addressed them and made things right for us. In our travels, this is a rare and highly valued quality.\n\nThis resort was awesome! We enjoyed amazing views, beachfront amentities and a very eager to help staff. Sunset Grille was steps from the beach and easily accessed for lunch, dinner or drinks on the beach. Our room was very spacious, clean and welcoming. We would absolutely recommend this property to anyone visiting St. Thomas.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:01Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca26e2ab79c003cb03aa6"},"uuid":"5f6068b0-b6b5-4a4b-8db9-2cb810660e55","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A1LQQ7UQKJYITI\n\n1-1-1 Uchisaiwaicho, Chiyoda 100-8558 Tokyo Prefecture\n\nImperial Hotel Tokyo\n\nMy hus","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A1LQQ7UQKJYITI\n\n1-1-1 Uchisaiwaicho, Chiyoda 100-8558 Tokyo Prefecture\n\nImperial Hotel Tokyo\n\nMy husband and I just returned from 4 wonderful nights at this hotel. This was our first time in Japan and we were tourists. The service at the hotel was absolutely amazing. Next level amazing...even for Japan.We had a breakfast or lunch included in our rate and they brought a complimentary drink to our room in the evening. We never waited for anything. Staff rushed to press the elevator button for us! We never wanted for anything. They took service to the highest level we have ever experienced. (We are frequent travelers). As for the physical aspect, the view from our room was fantastic. The room was good sized. The property feels like a very slightly fading grande dame and that is what we wanted. (We're definitely not \"hipsters\" and can see why they might prefer some of the newer properties.We can get that type of hotel in NYC, London, etc..) We thoroughly enjoyed people watching here and the feeling that the locals thought entering this hotel was as exciting as we did. Very good location.\n\nThis was my second time staying at the Imperial, and they did not disappoint! Both times I experienced amazing service. Both times they got me a reservation for a difficult to get into restaurant. Both times they upgraded me for no reason. Both times I felt like I was stepping into a different era, and that I was Japanese royalty. I think it is safe to say I will always be staying here when I visit Tokyo!\n\nImperial Hotel located in Ginza has got to have one of the best staff and crew I have ever encountered. They did everything with a smile including clearing plates during breakfast and pouring coffee! Everyone of their staff would greet you and made you feel welcome. Qe stayed on the 12th floor and had a nice view of the Imperial Palace Grounds. There are many restaurants around so food is not a problem. The buffet breakfast on the 17th floor had a good mix of Japanese and Western food. They also cooked the best crispy bacon I have ever tasted in a buffet breakfast. We asked for a taxi to Haneda airport and paid about 7700 jpy which was okay considering that we were a group of 4 adults with 5 big bags. The staff who assisted us with our bags even happily waved us goodbye. It made me feel like I was leaving my Japanese uncle's house! I will certainly go back to this hotel given the chance.\n\nI was first in this hotel 60 years ago, and had not been able to return until earlier this month. It was an amazing experience and was everything we had hoped it would be.  The hotel was excellent in many respects:  1) The people--the staff, from the Concierge at check in and our frequent requests for guidance; the staff in the gym, the wait staff in all of the restaurants (except the Chinese restaurant, but more about that later), to housekeeping, were wonderful and helpful. 2) The room as spectacular-corner suite on the 30th floor of the Tower--spacious, terrific bathroom and amazing views. 3) Value--thanks to an LHW promotion and our wonderful travel agent (Kim Witherspoon at Connoisseur Travel in DC) the cost of the suite for 3 nights was very reasonable--although we learned at checkout that the hotel taxes in Japan are substantial. 4) Food- with 13 restaurants, there is something for everyone. The Viking buffer was first rate, and while the service in the Chinese venue was slow and sloppy the night we ate there, the food was wonderful. . 5) As noted by others, the service was impeccable and set the standard for the rest of our trip  Our visit could not have been better and we look forward to returning.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:06Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2732ab79c003cb03aa7"},"uuid":"a6bf940c-b613-4851-8d71-9a1ae7b6d464","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A2EER6BVZDNMEY\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth, St. Thomas, St. Thomas\n\nSecret harbor resort\n\nProperty was nea","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A2EER6BVZDNMEY\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth, St. Thomas, St. Thomas\n\nSecret harbor resort\n\nProperty was neat, location was very good The restsurant needed a lot of attention The menu was scarse The food selection was very poor\n\nBeautiful beach and cove, very nice room with an amazing view. We had a wonderful time. Only down side was the cruise ship crowds that would find their way to the beach at midday making things a bit roudy. But the staff did a pretty good job most of the time of directing them to the public beach and away from the private resort beach.\n\nBeach area, bar/restaurant and distance from room to these were all excellent. Room was reasonable, but left a little to be desired...toilet leaked onto floor everytime you flushed and the door to the room could not be locked. Easy fixes, but the locking of the slider door to the room would not be tolerated if we had been staying a longer time at the resort. Also, some of front desk staff and hospitality staff were difficult to understand/disinterested in helping. Everyone on the staff at the beachfront and restaurant was fantastic!  Stayed 2 nights in Nov 2019\n\nBeautiful beach, sunset and view. Nice, clean hotel rooms. Good food. Public beach bathrooms could Use a bit more frequent cleaning\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:11Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2772ab79c003cb03aa8"},"uuid":"e1f8a013-db45-4b91-9079-469188432ef2","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A2FLXN3J9CKB7Q\n\n2601 NW 42nd Ave, Miami, FL 33142-5638 - United States\n\nHoliday Inn Express & Suites","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A2FLXN3J9CKB7Q\n\n2601 NW 42nd Ave, Miami, FL 33142-5638 - United States\n\nHoliday Inn Express & Suites Miami Airport East\n\nCame in late around 21:00 with a flight to the airport. Only negative thing we had was that we could not find any information at all about where to find the hotel shuttle bus. Signs at the airport said to go outside, but it was basically a 200 yard strip of available stops that the shuttle bus could stop at; where would we wait? Could specify on the website maybe where the bus stops?  We took the MIA-tram to car rental and walked to the hotel which worked out good.  Hotel is new and is clean and tidy. Room is spacious and clean. Good size bathroom. Good work out facility and pool. Breakfast is perfect as a complimentary breakfast! Very good!  Staff is very nice and friendly!  Really recommend this as a night stop when traveling through Miami airport! But fix the info regarding the shuttle bus\n\nI booked this hotel room for the night before our flight at the Miami airport. The location is great, it is about one block from the rental car return, which is where we needed to go. We arrived earlier than the 3pm check-in, but the front desk staff was very kind and welcoming and allowed us to swim for a few hours with our children. At around 3pm, we were checked-in and given our room. The room was clean, modern, and very comfortable. In the morning, the free breakfast was awesome, tons of choices!!! We had a wonderful breakfast and headed to the airport. I would absolutely stay in this hotel again if flying through Miami. I will say the arriving and departing planes were loud, since the location of the hotel is so close to the airport, but it didn´t terribly bother us\n\nI stayed here twice in the past week for 1 night before and one night after a trip to the Caribbean.  The first night was ok but it’s almost unbelievable how noisy this place is since it is right in the flight path for takeoffs and landings at Miami International Airport. The do provide ear plugs in all the rooms but they do little to help. There aren’t any restaurants in the area, save for a Subway at the gas station across the street and a Cuban place that closes at 9 so if you arrive late you’re out of luck.  When we got to our room we immediately discovered candy wrappers under the desk. Hmmmm maybe housekeepers have a sweet tooth? The room was otherwise clean and with modern decor.  The second night before heading home was a real disappointment. We arrived around 8pm and got checked in. I asked about the airport shuttle and the front desk young lady inquired as to when I’d like to go the airport in the morning. I told her we had a 5:30 am flight and would need a 3:30 am shuttle. She replied that their shuttle starts operating at 6am. I was surprised by that answer and said “but you’re an airport hotel what does one do in my case about getting to the airport?” She did not have an answer. I ended up getting an Uber ride at 3:30am.  To compound things our room the second stay had leftover food in the refrigerator from a previous guest.  Can’t recommend this hotel for those reasons. Won’t stay here again\n\nSearched on Expedia for airport hotels. Was overnighting for less than 24 hours. Hotel is well maintained. Arrived after 9 pm. Marco was very pleasant at the check in. Vending machines in lobby have a variety of frozen meals, salads and beverages. I got a Chicken Caesar salad. There is a microwave in the room and a fridge. There is a Subway across the street in the petrol station. Not much else walkable.  Free breakfast had scrambled eggs and veggie egg white omelettes plus other carb laden items. Coffee was hotel and good enough  Great room on the 4th floor with King bed. Two things could have been better:- 1. windows appeared to be single pane rather than double glazing to prevent plane noise. Thankfully by midnight they stopped flying. Also I got ear plugs from Marco. 2. Wifi did not work while sitting at the desk to work. Had to move closer to the door to get a connection. I was in room 419.  If it was on the West side of the airport I would have booked it again on the return leg.  Shuttle runs every 30 minutes. There are no designated shuttle stands at airport so be sure to pay attention. And also there are 4 Holiday Inn shuttles so make sure yours says East. Alberto the driver was very friendly and we spoke in Spanish. It was good for me to practise\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:15Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca27b2ab79c003cb03aa9"},"uuid":"e2b2d64c-5651-4bf9-8ba5-3691b9db6514","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3AJSB9DGJ75GS\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\nSecret Harbour Beach ","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3AJSB9DGJ75GS\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\nSecret Harbour Beach Resort\n\nSecret Paradise My wife and I just stayed here for 6 days and this is our favorite resort so far on the island. The staff was great and the sunset grill’s food was very good.\n\nOur hillside room was recently updated and had an amazing view over the bay and the gorgeous sunsets each nights.\tThis resort was awesome! We enjoyed amazing views, beachfront amentities and a very eager to help staff. Sunset Grille was steps from the beach and easily accessed for lunch, dinner or drinks on the beach. Our room was very spacious, clean and welcoming. We would absolutely recommend this property to anyone visiting St. Thomas.\n\nNice place with a very friendly and accommodating staff. Ms. Raquel Weekes was very helpful in moving us from an unprepared room to a good one. Many thanks for her warm, lovely personality and her immediate willingness to find a way to fix the things. Also, I would like to extend our appreciation to Director Elis Lopez, who is doing a great job at Resort, and was very supportive and friendly with us. Thank you very much from New York!\n\nOf course a perfect beach.,great condo..but Raquel at the front desk, GM Javier, and of course Winston..really made for perfection. Been going to St.Thomas for 50 years, and this quick visit confirmed why.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:19Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca27f2ab79c003cb03aaa"},"uuid":"94ffd162-7f95-43bc-b495-9a0502074b9f","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3GWRRAC3UZYX6\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beac","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3GWRRAC3UZYX6\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beach Resort\n\nMy parents used to own a condo at this resort so we went there en route to the airport from St. John to spend the day. The beach is so lovely and we had a wonderful lunch. It brought back so many memories or happy times in this special spot. The staff, in particular Ms. Raquel, is so warm and helpful. She went above and beyond to help our large party of 8 with all of our needs. This is a great place for families with young kids, and it's so close to the ferry to St. John, which really enhances the location. We would always do frequent trips to St. John while enjoying the conveniences of St. Thomas. And being able to stroll to the restaurant while enjoying the gorgeous water of the bay is so easy and ideal. It is truly a special place.\n\nWe researched resorts in St. Thomas, looking for a relaxing place to stay and settled on Secret Harbor. All of the rooms face the bay and all have patios with a table, chairs, and loungers looking out over the bay. Our room, 421, was extremely clean and either one or two people came in each day to clean and replace towels. Our room had a bedroom and a large living room/dining room with an attached kitchen. There was a full refrigerator as well as stove. Two things not mentioned in the description of the amenities in the rooms was the fact that it had a hairdryer and a safe. The safe is something I look for in a place to stay. There was a television in the bedroom and one in the living room. The walk to the beach is just down a few stairs and there are loungers and umbrellas set up each day as well as a gentleman who passes out towels to those who stay at the resort. The water is warm. The food and drinks at the restaurant both are very good and we found ourselves eating there often. The happy hour was, at this time of year, from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00. I don't know if it varies by season. They make a great bushwacker and I especially enjoyed their coconut shrimp. We also ate at their very nice restaurant, attached to the casual one, and both of us found that the food was excellent. Taxis were never a problem to catch and they are $5 per person (plus we always gave a tip) to Red Hook where there are many good restaurants. We especially liked XO Bistro. Duffy's Love Shack is right in front of XO and if you are there during happy hour, it is a fun experience and has a great backstory. From Red Hook you can catch the ferry to St. John on the hour for $7.30 one way. There is a market, Mo's, in Red Hook with everything one might want - in my case, many gluten-free products. We are already trying to figure out when we would like to visit again.\n\nThis resort was awesome! We enjoyed amazing views, beachfront amentities and a very eager to help staff. Sunset Grille was steps from the beach and easily accessed for lunch, dinner or drinks on the beach. Our room was very spacious, clean and welcoming. We would absolutely recommend this property to anyone visiting St. Thomas.\n\nGlad we stayed here on our way to the National Park. Our room/mini apartment was spacious, clean, comfortable with a great view. The staff was most helpful and pleasant. Just a short cab drive away from Red Hook. We greatly enjoyed snorkeling, and lounging on the beach. The beach bar/restaurant was perfect for reflecting on the day and watching the sun set\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:23Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2832ab79c003cb03aab"},"uuid":"bb9d1277-793b-4477-86ae-b55aff915697","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3NAQQDLZ0AU3O\n\n1140 Seabreeze Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316, United States\n\nB Ocean Resort Fort L","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3NAQQDLZ0AU3O\n\n1140 Seabreeze Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316, United States\n\nB Ocean Resort Fort Lauderdale\n\nNice place to relax and enjoy. But people work there, sadly they have no clue what they do and why they are there. When they store my suitcases without giving me a ticket so I can get my stuff back showing them these are my items. That storage room even doesn't have a lock, everyone can go in and take everything. This place care ONLY BRING MONEY IN, they don't care to improve something. I felt the place like a motel for some young people, coming in having fun for one night and leave. Not nice at all, when you go to hotel with family. And even not cheap you know, we paid $260 recently for a night without including breakfast. I paid $30 for a child size dinner for adult, ordered little bit rice, plus 3 slices raw fish for $35 for my child. Anyway, this place for us was one night place before heading to cruise ship. Will I go back again? Probably not!\n\nSuch a fun resort!! Super beautiful view from our room. Amazing restaurants within the hotel. Awesome bar and staff as well! The rooms were super affordable to when you book through a different party. Would love to visit again! Also it is pretty easy just to walk to different places like restaurants or bars! Definitely could be family friendly as well.\n\nLiterally the only reason I am putting 5 stars is because of Cesar, the first person we met here at the valet and bags. He was awesome and amazing with the kids. This hotel has great amenities and that's about as far as I'll go with the good stuff. The first time we stayed here was a nightmare and this time wasnt as bad but still was not good. I've never actually taken the time to put a review up in my life but wanna give a shout out to Cesar and let everyone to know not to get their Hopes up with this place.\n\nLocation was nice...within walking distance of shopping, restaurants and more. We were placed in one of their buildings across the street but still had a nice view of a harbor/marina area. We went in December and it was a bit chilly at night...no heat so they brought a space heater for us. Room could have been a bit more updated but bathroom was very nice. All in all, a nice stay. Pic is our view...\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:27Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2882ab79c003cb03aac"},"uuid":"eae63de9-f93f-40c1-aed9-034d0f76da9e","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3PNUB534AGUZG\n\nCarretera Bavaro, Km. 1, Bavaro, Punta Cana 23301 Dominican Republic\n\nBarcelo Bavaro","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3PNUB534AGUZG\n\nCarretera Bavaro, Km. 1, Bavaro, Punta Cana 23301 Dominican Republic\n\nBarcelo Bavaro Palace\n\nI have been back to this Resort many times and its totally amazing. The food is great in the restaurants as well as the buffet. The rooms are big and the beds are so comfartable The resort is very clean, there are always people cleaning. I did not see one Dirty washroom, not even at the pool washroom. The golf course is beautiful and i played 6 times in seven days. At our customer service desk right beside our room in building 5 i dealt with a girl named Ivanny Abreau. She was totally amazing and booked all my dinners in a matter of minutes.Than the amazing thing happened. I got home and my son had left his retainer that i just paid $500 for at the resort. I phoned the resort and spoke to Ivanny, she went above and beyond and within an hour found the retainer and arranged it to be picked up by some people we met at the resort that live by us.Anyways if all employees cared the way she did it would be amazing Thanks so Much Ivanny, you are truly one of a kind..i am coming back and i am only gonna ask to deal with you thanks so much\n\nThe resort is large and has something for everyone.... PROS The beach is nice and has lots of palm trees so you can find shade anywhere. The pools are great and the adult pool (El Cielo – Make sure Julia takes care of you…she is amazing and friendly) is quiet with its own pool bar. We loved the speciality restaurants and would say that Kyoto (Japanese) is the best. Spanish, Coral (seafood) and Mexican are great. Santa Fe (Steakhouse) is just OK…mind you our steak was great but everything else was just ok. We did not try the Italian restaurant not the French as you had to pay extra. Drinks are amazing and house wine is perfectly drinkable. You can order wine by the bottle but we licked the house wine enough to only order bottles on 2 occasions. Everyone made new Year’s eve special and we loved the friendly atmosphere throughout our trip. Most water sports are free but you need to make reservations if you want to go. Most days saw the paddleboard cancelled as it was too windy. The patio above the gym is wonderful at night for a drink and star gazing and you hear the music form the shows which is enough. Duty Free stores are great and you will find anything you need there. Sports Bar will turn on a TV for you for any sport you fancy.  CONS Not much to say on the negative side….You have to pay for wi-fi (the only free wi-fi is at the casino) if you want access to it anywhere else on the resort. Shows are good….typical of what you have in a resort.\n\nOur family and I visited the Barcelo Bavaro Palace at the end of January 2020 and we had such a great time. The service was excellent. We visited the buffet several times a day and met Willy Antonio Hernandez who went above and beyond every single day to make us feel so comfortable. I don't think our stay would have been as memorable if we didn't meet him. He is such an asset to the resort and if you are ever at the Barcelo Bavaro Palace, make sure to find Willy! He is just the sweetest, kindest most helpful man!\n\nHad a great time enjoying the resort. It is very large but never felt crowded, even during prime meal times at buffet restaurants. Easy to get around with a short walk to everything. Beach is beautiful with lots of chairs. Pools are gorgeous...a little cool even for our northerners but the ocean was lovely. Hot tubs where you could sit with friends around the pools would be nice. Buffets have lots of choices. I would say the restaurants are average for this type of resort. Staff, especially Junior and \"Bella' at the bar outside the buffets and Yennifer who looked after our room, were fantastic. Felt safe 100% of the time. The hot tub on the patio was a really nice, and well used. Only one complaint; outdoor spraying for bugs was done one night just before dinner. Lots of people out and around and it made my daughter quite ill, she has asthma - last evening plans had to be cancelled as we took shelter in our room. The mist from the spray seemed to collect in open air hallways by the restaurants and shope. Better to spray when no one is around. Other than that, I would have rated excellent.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:32Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca28c2ab79c003cb03aad"},"uuid":"ef521157-9f1d-4af6-851b-dfa2d0014f84","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3TVJTQUSMF8NI\n\nZA Les Grands Chenes, 41130 Gièvres France\n\nHotel Le Grand Chene\n\nNous sommes venu s","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3TVJTQUSMF8NI\n\nZA Les Grands Chenes, 41130 Gièvres France\n\nHotel Le Grand Chene\n\nNous sommes venu séjourné après la visite du Zoo , hôtel situé à 25 min du Zoo dans un endroit calme avec un parking . Personne de la réception sont très accueillant . La chambre est de taille standard et propre , le lit est confortable . L’endroit est très calme pour passer une nuit reposante. Le petit déjeuné est correct tout ce qu’on a besoin . Le ptit déjeuné est gratuit pour les enfants . Rapport qualité / prix très correct au vue de ce qu’il se fait dans les Hôtels au alentour du Zoo . Je recommande cette Hôtel !\n\nNous souhaitions faire une visite au zoo de beauval lors du retour de nos vacances. Nous avons choisi cet hôtel pour son prix. La personne qui nous a accueilli est très sympathique et professionnelle. La chambre pour 3 était spacieuse et très propre. Cependant lorsque nous avons été dans la salle de bain nous avons constaté que les WC étaient inondé. Une fuite incroyable nous avons dû fermer le robinet et ouvrir à chaque fois que nous les utilisions. La propriétaire est venue nous changer les serviettes qui avaient servi à éponger l'eau et rien d'autre pas d'excuse. La literie est confortable et l'hôtel est très calme. Le petit déjeuner quant à lui est médiocre café, jus d'orange, pain, beurre et quelques viennoiseries mais rien de très élaboré. Lors du paiement aucune excuse ni geste commercial dû à l'incident. Je n'y retournerai pas et ne conseille pas cet hôtel\n\nL'accueil très convivial et en raison de la chaleur, on nous a demandé de choisir entre deux chambres. Nous avons pu ainsi choisir la plus fraîche! La chambre était très spacieuse, la propreté impeccable, le lit très large, la literie et les oreillers très confortables, la salle de bain grande, avec une petite planche autour du lavabo pour poser la vanity, une grande douche. Les volets déroulants. Cet hôtel est situé à la limite de la forêt: dommage que nous n'ayons pas pu en profiter puisque nous allions au zoo de Beauval! Le petit déjeuner sous forme de buffet: rien ne manque et on a la possibilité de faire cuire des œufs coque. n'hésitez pas à vous y arrêter, le cadre et la gentillesse des hôteliers ne pourront que vous satisfaire!  · Que demander de plus? tout est parfait!\n\nPour cette halte du mercredi 18 septembre, nouvel arrêt à cet hôtel \"Le Grand Chêne\" situé dans une zone semi-forestière à quelques kms de Romorantin. Ayant fréquenté déjà cet établissement, par deux fois, dans un passé relativement récent, je confirme ce que j'ai dit dans un avis précédent, c'est facile d'accès, grand parking et hôtel de plain-pied, chambre correcte et fonctionnelle, environnement forestier très calme, couple d'hôteliers sympas et aux petit soins, petit-déjeuner copieux, tarif très correct, 72,30 euros pour une nuit, deux personnes, deux p'tis-déj. et deux taxes de séjour. Restaurant indépendant à moins de deux cents mètres à pied, et une petite coopérative maraîchère avec toute une gamme de fruits et légumes frais en circuit court, fromages et vins régionaux, tout à côté ou l'on peut faire son marché de produits frais avant de repartir. Cet hôtel est une bonne adresse sur le secteur et sera ma halte principale dans cette belle région du Centre-Val-de-Loire et de Sologne.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:36Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2912ab79c003cb03aae"},"uuid":"f8d251df-106f-476d-9d99-c777d1df6807","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A290E21WZ2SGW2\n\n871 Seventh Avenue at 55th Street, New York, NY 10019, United States of America –\n\nW","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A290E21WZ2SGW2\n\n871 Seventh Avenue at 55th Street, New York, NY 10019, United States of America –\n\nWellington Hotel\n\nComfy bed and very spacious for the four of us. Room was quite hot at times and due to the building works right outside the hotel it was noisy with that and general traffic. Loved the kitchen area but not sure why you would provide a microwave with no kitchen facilities. A bonus though and that was we were given a kettle from housekeeping which was perfect  Disliked · Very small slow lifts and noisy due to work taking place outside. The hotel needed a bit of a facelift as had so much to offer and a superb position\n\nhe hotel is super well located, between Times Square and Central Park. The room was clean, with a great view for Central Park and the bed very comfortable. The staff was nice and helpful.  Disliked · The room was just a little bit small and the breakfast options are a bit limited but I guess both things were good enough for NY standards.\n\nI loved the location, the bed was comfortable. One thing to note is that renovation is currently underway. I would stay here again.  Disliked · The first room i had there was an issue with the pipes banging in the bathroom, which to be honest was horrendous. I was moved another room eventually which was much better.\n\nLocation, perfect as I needed to be close to Carnegie Hall. Could not have got any closer. Good eating options close by and excellent subway access.  Disliked · The elevators, they took forever. The heating was set too high for me also, with no option for turning down or off.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:41Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2952ab79c003cb03aaf"},"uuid":"59660cc7-bb53-4ead-8739-f1be4a933820","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"A3444L9PLEIZA9\n\n11228 Lone Eagle Dr, Bridgeton, Saint Louis, MO 63044-2739\n\nCrowne Plaza St Louis Ai","summary":"this is a summary","text":"A3444L9PLEIZA9\n\n11228 Lone Eagle Dr, Bridgeton, Saint Louis, MO 63044-2739\n\nCrowne Plaza St Louis Airport\n\nMy family and I stayed here for a High School sporting competition in St. Louis. The hotel was clean, has large rooms, and is a good value. I also thought it has great amenities and is well located. I had a few small problems the night I checked in and they were well handled by the staff. The following morning I had a couple more small problems and asked to discuss them with management. The manager was prompt, courteous and eager to resolve all issues. I appreciated the attention and the effort to keep me as a guest. I also received a very nice email from the General Manager after my stay to ensure I was happy with the way my problems were resolved and to offer further assistance. There’s no such thing as a perfect hotel, but when management goes out of their way to assist you and truly value you as guest, that makes all the difference. I would stay again and recommend this hotel to all.\n\nHave stayed here before and like everything BUT airport transfers. Had at least three bad experiences getting picked up at the airport. Room was good, service was good. Finally a great experience with going to and from airport thanks to our driver Steven. Steven was more than helpful and great to talk to. He went out of his way to make everything easy both ways and even waited while we wondered around airport due to construction and lack good directions or signage. Thanks Steven!!!!!!!\n\nZero communication and very unprofessional staff, checked in at 1 a.m. and there front desk girl takes my info briefly talks to me and hands me my keys and i said id be leaving tuesday morning so i was a bit surprised when room service asked me about checkout at 11 a.m. and then was doubly surprised when the charges to my credit card jumped up significantly since the staff had told me the room was 125 and my beverages were 36 making a total at 161 and then my final bill is over $220 and get some run around excuse about taxes and property liability from the morning front desk staff and had none of this info communicated to me before hand and only found out the next morning after my check in when i was abruptly awakened by housekeeping , hands down would never stay here again due to this level of unprofessionalism and complete lack of communication.\n\nStayed here over the Christmas holiday, the hotel lobby was very clean and everything looked inviting so I had no complaints initially with the choice. We needed to make a slight adjustment to the the reservation upon checking in and the front desk clerk was was very accommodating and helpful. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The pool area looks very nice and it was great that the parking was free. My issue may seem small to some but irked me and turned me off on the hotel all together. We were attending a event the next day so I took out the blouse that I was planning to wear and hung it in the closet so that it would not get wrinkled. When we checked in we changed our reservation from 4 days to 2 days and decided to stay closer to the event so we checked out two days earlier than originally planned. The next morning I realized I had left the blouse for the event hanging in the closet after checking out so I called the hotel to see if I could come by and pick it up before the event. Housekeeping tells me that the housekeeper said there was nothing in the closet. Really? I was pretty certain that I left it in the closet. I told the housekeeping supervisor I know for sure I ironed the blouse and hung it in the closet. So then she says she has to question the housekeeper and get to the bottom of this and call me back. When she calls me back now she says that the housekeeper said that the room was already cleared when she got there and that she would have to speak to the laundry guy who does not come in until Monday and she would call me then. My flight left on Sunday and I had no blouse to wear to the event. Bottom line is if I can’t trust a hotel to turn a simple blouse into lost and found less than 24 hours after a guest departs how can I trust them when I leave out for the day and leave real valuables in the room. I left a message for hotel management and never got a call back. I travel a lot and I’ll take the hit because I left the blouse in the closet and that was my fault, but I was very disappointed in my experience as I would think that this is a routine occurrence that should have been handled much better. I would recommend the hotel based on the accommodations and the front desk staff but based on my experience I won’t be staying there again. Read less\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:45Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca2992ab79c003cb03ab0"},"uuid":"eb983457-e01f-46bf-862a-2b95a2a24ecf","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"ANWNPO00MK551\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beach","summary":"this is a summary","text":"ANWNPO00MK551\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nSecret Harbour Beach Resort\n\nThis was only my second time out of the country and it was amazing. The room was very nice and had a great view. The hotel restaurant was also a hit. The service was very good and the servers, waiters, and bartenders were all very kind and good at there jobs. The beach was Super amazing and the snorkeling was great and the service at the beach was so fantastic. The people who worked there were very helpful and fun to talk to. Shout out Troy. This may have been the best vacation of my life. Thank you secret harbor!\n\nWe researched resorts in St. Thomas, looking for a relaxing place to stay and settled on Secret Harbor. All of the rooms face the bay and all have patios with a table, chairs, and loungers looking out over the bay. Our room, 421, was extremely clean and either one or two people came in each day to clean and replace towels. Our room had a bedroom and a large living room/dining room with an attached kitchen. There was a full refrigerator as well as stove. Two things not mentioned in the description of the amenities in the rooms was the fact that it had a hairdryer and a safe. The safe is something I look for in a place to stay. There was a television in the bedroom and one in the living room. The walk to the beach is just down a few stairs and there are loungers and umbrellas set up each day as well as a gentleman who passes out towels to those who stay at the resort. The water is warm. The food and drinks at the restaurant both are very good and we found ourselves eating there often. The happy hour was, at this time of year, from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00. I don't know if it varies by season. They make a great bushwacker and I especially enjoyed their coconut shrimp. We also ate at their very nice restaurant, attached to the casual one, and both of us found that the food was excellent. Taxis were never a problem to catch and they are $5 per person (plus we always gave a tip) to Red Hook where there are many good restaurants. We especially liked XO Bistro. Duffy's Love Shack is right in front of XO and if you are there during happy hour, it is a fun experience and has a great backstory. From Red Hook you can catch the ferry to St. John on the hour for $7.30 one way. There is a market, Mo's, in Red Hook with everything one might want - in my case, many gluten-free products. We are already trying to figure out when we would like to visit again.\n\nGlad we stayed here on our way to the National Park. Our room/mini apartment was spacious, clean, comfortable with a great view. The staff was most helpful and pleasant. Just a short cab drive away from Red Hook. We greatly enjoyed snorkeling, and lounging on the beach. The beach bar/restaurant was perfect for reflecting on the day and watching the sun set.\n\nBest vacation we've ever taken. It was a few years back but never got around to posting a review or pics. The location is perfect. A nice little secluded beach with the bar and restaurant right on the beach. Absolutely loved the strawberry cheesecake drink. It's at a beautiful cove, the water was so calm and clear. We'd go float late at night and watch the stars, during the day it was a great place to snorkel. We've recommended it to several people who were planning a trip to St. Thomas and they loved it as well. If we are ever able to take another trip to St. Thomas it definitely be the place we stay.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:49Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e3ca29c2ab79c003cb03ab1"},"uuid":"ca8281a9-ac19-4590-b16b-4c94fbb8b6d5","serial":{"classification":"UNCLASSIFIED","crc":"323","serialNumber":"111","year":"20"},"pass":"","country":{"trigraph":"USA","digraph":"US"},"ipsp":"intelligence priorities for strategic planning","subject":"AOODY0AZ7DG52\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nsecret habour beach ","summary":"this is a summary","text":"AOODY0AZ7DG52\n\n6280 Estate Nazareth Nazareth Bay, Benner 00802-1113 St. Thomas\n\nsecret habour beach resort\n\nMy family of four , kids 11 and 15, had a wonderful 3 night stay. We took a taxi from the airport. Anne checked us in and Anderson took our bags to our room and showed us the beachfront room. They gave us a warm welcome. We had dinner at the fine restaurant and the lobster was great, my wife had the brick chicken which she said was excellent. I am often concerned about how the children will eat but my son loved the sliders and my daughter had a nice wrap. Later, we often would order at the bar to take pizza or other great food to our room. I also enjoyed the nachos. All the staff at the restaurant and bat were exemplary. I enjoyed having the balcony where I could view the beach and relax while keeping an eye on our children swimming and snorkeling. Now the swimming was great and one could see fish right offshore but if you snorkel out just 30 feet past the floating deck there are corals and larger fish. My son even saw a puffer puff up! How awesome is that. I would recommend hitting the beach early. Two days in our stay the beach was almost deserted, but there were many people there our last day from about noon to 4 pm, as the beach is so nice, some visiting cruise ships will visit. We would swim early, then relax in our nice room. The pullout bed was good so we had enough room for all, and it is great to have a kitchen, although we did not cook in it, but you have ice and a microwave. But best of all was Winston, who worked the beach. I cant say enough about a customer minded individual. My wife went to move a chair and he was quick to move it for her, and was so kind to whole family. I observed on the third day, which was busier, how hard Winston and the other beach staff worked to accommodate everyone. I observed some of the guests being quite demanding and how they carried on to deliver excellent service to all. I hope to visit again!\n\nWe researched resorts in St. Thomas, looking for a relaxing place to stay and settled on Secret Harbor. All of the rooms face the bay and all have patios with a table, chairs, and loungers looking out over the bay. Our room, 421, was extremely clean and either one or two people came in each day to clean and replace towels. Our room had a bedroom and a large living room/dining room with an attached kitchen. There was a full refrigerator as well as stove. Two things not mentioned in the description of the amenities in the rooms was the fact that it had a hairdryer and a safe. The safe is something I look for in a place to stay. There was a television in the bedroom and one in the living room. The walk to the beach is just down a few stairs and there are loungers and umbrellas set up each day as well as a gentleman who passes out towels to those who stay at the resort. The water is warm. The food and drinks at the restaurant both are very good and we found ourselves eating there often. The happy hour was, at this time of year, from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00. I don't know if it varies by season. They make a great bushwacker and I especially enjoyed their coconut shrimp. We also ate at their very nice restaurant, attached to the casual one, and both of us found that the food was excellent. Taxis were never a problem to catch and they are $5 per person (plus we always gave a tip) to Red Hook where there are many good restaurants. We especially liked XO Bistro. Duffy's Love Shack is right in front of XO and if you are there during happy hour, it is a fun experience and has a great backstory. From Red Hook you can catch the ferry to St. John on the hour for $7.30 one way. There is a market, Mo's, in Red Hook with everything one might want - in my case, many gluten-free products. We are already trying to figure out when we would like to visit again. Read less\n\nMy family stayed here for a week over the holidays and it was extremely expensive and nothing special. The property itself sits on a nice but small beach. There were never enough chairs or shade and people set their stuff out the night before. The cruise ships taxi people to the beach leaving it overcrowded and littered with garbage. The restaurant ran out of food two different days. One night they didn't even tell us before bringing out half of what we ordered, even though they knew ahead of our order, and then charging us the same overpriced amount. The buildings were very dated! You need a key to open the condo and they only give you one. That means a two bedroom condo with 4 adults only gets one key. And you better hope you don't lose it. The showers had mold everywhere and were very small. The dishes in the cabinet were dirty and we found food on some of the silverware. The sliding glass door was broken and the screen was ripped. The walls were so thin you could hear the people next door sneeze. Our friends stayed in the adjacent building and had brown water in their toilet. They were told that it was unfiltered grey water but the water was completely brown. Overall, it was overrated, underwhelming, and very expensive.\n\nWe recently stayed seven nights at Secret Harbor. This was our second time at this location and it was just as wonderful as our first time 10+ years ago. The staff is very friendly and accommodating (thank you Racquel and ladies at the front desk!)  There was just one day when Norwegian Cruise passengers were on the beach but there’s a designated section for visitors and a designated section for SH guests. So, there was plenty room and beautiful views for all.  The sunsets are spectacular and having a condo where we could make our own breakfasts and drinks, sit out on the patio and then continue onto the beach was ideal. There’s a good size food market less than 10 minutes away. We recommend going to the market as it’s so convenient. The on-site restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch & dinner but we enjoyed our leisurely mornings taking in the views from our own patio.\n","iirTagline":"specific recipient?","warning":"this is non cooberated non validated","comments":[],"facq":"","coll":"browncow","instr":"instructions text. not there was an SDR (source directed requirement). Instructions to recipient. what ICR to respond to (intelligence collectionRequirement","prep":"prepared by","encl":[{"id":1,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"},{"id":2,"enclosureClassification":"UNCLASSIFIED","enclosureDescription":"a picture of a bicycle"}],"acqDate":"2020-02-06T23:34:52Z","acq":"where information accquired such as city name","dissem":[]}
